Apache is the most widely used web server application in the world with more than 50% share in the commercial web server market.

Apache is a modular, process-based web server application that creates a new thread with each simultaneous connection.

Create a folder for our website in /var/www/ by running sudo mkdir /var/www/gci/

Nginx has one master process and several worker processes.

What are containers?

Docker Image is called Redis and wants to run the latest release.

Apache HTTP Server is a cross-platform.

1 Windows/ 2 OS X/ 3 Linux/ 4 Unix/ 5 FreeBSD/ 6 Solaris

1 AWS console/ 2 AWS CLI/ 3 AWS Cloud/ 4 VPS Instances VTM

AWS System Manager is a(n) AWS service that you can use to view and control your infrastructure.

The Docker image help to create Docker containers.

The Docker daemon or docker engine reprents the server.

Explain Registries?

The command should you run to see all running container in Docker.

Write the command to stop the docker container

Docker states command run the image as a container offers the standard docker.

Docker hub is a cloud registry taht which helps you to link to code repositories

Important states of Docker container are build by Running.

Dokcer object labels is a method for applying metadata to docker objects including.

Important states of the containers are running, paused, exited, and restarting.

The common instructions of Dockerfile are FROM, LABEL, RUN, CMD.

Memory-swap is a modified flag that only has meaning if- memory is also set.

Select the important Docker commands. all but pals and falls

How does Systems Manager work? All  but AWS Systems, and Suppor Accessing

What statements describe Configuration files in NGINX? (select all that apply)All but configur an Nginx recog

Installing Apache: sudo apt install apache2

What are the important features of Docker? (select all that apply) all but controller balanceload

List out some important advanced docker command pull list to download images.

The Apache HTTP Server is configured by placing directives in plain text configuration files.

