A(n) image is an insert, immutable, file that essentially a snapshot of a container.

The Docker container is an executable package of applications and its dependencies bundled together, it gives all the instructions for the solution you are looking to run.

The container is built using Docker images, and the command to run those images is Run.

1 Docker Compose/ 2 Docker Swarm/ 3 Docker daemon

1 Visualize and identify performance bottlenecks, overloaded severs or potential DDoS attacks.
2
Improve and optimize performance with intelligence advice and recommendations.
3
Get Notified when something is wrong with the application infrastructure.
4
Plan web application capacity and performance.
5
Keep track of the systems running Web processes.

1
NGINX Amplify Agent
2
NGINX Amplify web UI
3
NGINX Amplify Backend

A manager node maintains cluster mangement taks.
Worker nodes recieve and execute tasks from the manager node.
NGINX Controller, centralized monitoring and management.
NGINX Controller allowed effortlessly mange load balances, API gateways and sevice mesh deployment at scale across a multi-cloud environment from single pane of glass.
NGINX Unit is a dynamic application server from NGINX, inc open source support for multiple languages and a REST API-driven configuration

1
NGINX Plus
2
NGINX controller
3
NGINX Unit
4
NGINX Web Application Firewall
5
NGINX Amplify

Image depict the state of the a container: all the above

You build Dockerfile to get an image and you run image to get a container

Build Dockerfile: Docker save -o my_fille.tar my_imge_id

Dokcer CLI which is responsible to take Docker commands and transform to call Docker server comands.

An image is an snapshot of a container. You can make images from a container (new "snapshots"), and you can also start new ontainers form an image.

When source code is compile and build, it is called an application.

Many organizations, such as Amazon, eBay, and Netlix, have solved this problem by adopting what is now know as the Microservices Achitecture pattern.


 Instead of building a single monstrous, monolithic application, the idea is to split your application into set of smaller, interconnected services.

NGINX is open source software for web serving, revese proxing, caching,load balancing, media streaming, and more. It started out as a web server designed for maximum performance.

NGINX revolutionized how servers operated high-performance contexts and became the faster web server available.

Image are created with the build command, and they produce a container when started with run.

 Images are stored in a Docker registry such as registry.hub.docker.com.

 IMAGE ID is teh first 12 charaters of the true identified for an image.

VIRTUAL SIZE is virtual because its adding up the sizes of all the distinct underlying layers.

The value in the RESPOSITORY column comes from the -t flag of the docker build command, or from docker tag -ing and existing image.

 Docker main frustrations is the seemingly constant buildup of untagged images and stopped containers.

 We can remove all untagged images by combining docker rmi with the recent dangling = true query. docker images -q --filter (dangling= true | xargs docker rmi )

Docker won't be able to romove images that are behind existing containers, so you may have to remove stopped containers with docker rm first

Because Image can become quite large, images are designed to be composed of layers of other images, allowing a minimal amount of data to be sent when transfering images over the network.




